Release notes 113 oss (#1395)
OWASP/owasp-mstg: CHANGELOG.md

This document is automatically generated at {{gitbook.time}}

## 1.1.3 (WIP)

> - Updated contributorlist, with 2 new co-authors.

Reviewer: contributorlist in one word?

- Translated various parts into Japanese.
- A large restructuring of the general testing, platform specific testing and reverse-engineering chapters.
- Updated description of many tools: Adb, Angr, APK axtractor, Apkx, Burp Suite, Drozer, ClassDump(Z/etc), Clutch, Drozer, Frida, Hopper, Ghidra, IDB, Ipa Installer, iFunBox, iOS-deploy, KeychainDumper, Mobile-Security-Framework, Nathan, Needle, Objection, Magisk, PassionFruit, Radare 2, Tableplus, SOcket CAT, Xposed, and others.
- Updated most of the iOS hacking/verification techniques using iOS 12 or 11 as a base instead of iOS 9/10.
- Removed tools which were no longer updated, such as introspy-Android and AndBug.
- Added missing MASVS references from version 1.1.4: v1.X, V3.5, V5.6, V6.2-V6.5, V8.2-V8.6.
- Rewrote device-binding explanation and testcases for Android.

> - Added parts on testing unmanaged code: things to check for at unsafe Objective-C, Parcelling in Java, and the usage of C/C++.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added parts on testing unmanaged code in Objective-C, Java, and C/C++.
```

- Applied many spelling, punctuation and style-related fixes.
- Updated many cryptography related parts.
- Added testaces for upgrade-mechanism verification for apps.
- Updated Readme, Code of Conduct, Contribution guidelines, verification, funding link, and generation scripts.
- Added ISBN as the book is now available at Hulu.
- Added various fixes for the .epub format.
- Added testcases on Android and iOS backup verification.
- Improved key-attestation related explanation for Android.
- Restructured OWASP Mobile Wiki.
- Removed Yahoo Weather app and simplified reference on using SQL injection.

> - iOS app sideloading is better explained with the various methods available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve explanation for iOS app sideloading to include various available methods.
```

- Added explanation on using ADB and device shell for Android.
- Added explanation on using device shell for iOS.
- Provided comparison for using emulators/simulators and real devices for iOS/Android.
- Fixed Uncrackable Level 3 for Android.
- Improved explanation on how to exfiltrate data and apps on iOS 12 and Android 8.
- Improved/updated explanation on SSL-pinning.
- Added list of adopters of the MASVS/MSTG.
- Updated English, Japanese, French and Spanish checklists to be compatible with MSTG 1.1.2.
- Added a small write-up on Adiantum for Google.

> - Added MSTG-ID to the paragraphs create a better link between MSTG paragraphs and MASVS requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added MSTG-ID to the paragraphs to create a link between MSTG paragraphs and MASVS requirements.
```
